Updates for scipy 2 (#757)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>Bug fixes</h3>

> * Calls `scipy.integrate.simpson` instead of `scipy.integrate.simps` to be compatible with `scipy==1.14.0` and explicitly states `dtype=object` when creating ragged `numpy` arrays to be compatible with `numpy==1.26.4`. [#748](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/748)

Author: ```suggestion
* Updates `scipy.integrate.simps` to `scipy.integrate.simpson` when using newer scipy versions, such that SF continues working. Also makes numpy usage explicit about the creation of ragged numpy arrays. This patch furthermore fixes a number of CI issues, to get most test pipelines passing again. 
[#757](https://github.com/XanaduAI/strawberryfields/pull/757)
```

<h3>Documentation</h3>

<h3>Contributors</h3>

This release contains contributions from (in alphabetical order):

> Luke Helt, Theodor Isacsson

Author: ```suggestion
Leonhard Neuhaus, Luke Helt, Theodor Isacsson
```
